Add support for auto detecting TCX (#1533)
grafana/beyla: docs/sources/configure/options.md

| YAML                      | Environment variable              | Type    | Default |
| ------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------- | ------- |
| `traffic_control_backend` | `BEYLA_BPF_TC_BACKEND`            | string  |  `auto` |

Chooses which backend to use for the attachment of traffic control probes.
Linux 6.6 has added support for a file-descriptor based traffic control
attachment called TCX, providing a more robust way of attaching traffic
control probes (it does not require explicit qdisc management, and provides a

> deterministic way to chain probes). We recommend the usage of the tcx
> backend for kernels >= 6.6 for this reason. When set to `auto`, Beyla will
> pick the most suitable backend based on the underlying kernel.

Reviewer: Fixes style guidance from Vale:

```suggestion
deterministic way to chain probes).
We recommend the usage of the `tcx` backend for kernels >= 6.6 for this reason.
When set to `auto`, Beyla picks the most suitable backend based on the underlying kernel.
```
